menu.title.bg: flat
menu.title.bg.color: #ffffff
menu.title.text.color: #000000
menu.title.text.justify: left

menu.items.bg: flat solid
menu.items.bg.color: #ffffff
menu.items.bg.border.color: #ffffff
menu.items.text.color: #000000
menu.items.justify: left

menu.border.color: #f1f1f1
menu.separator.color: #f1f1f1

menu.items.disabled.text.color: #8c8c8c
menu.bullet.image.color: #000000
menu.bullet.selected.image.color: #ffffff

menu.items.active.bg: flat border
menu.items.active.bg.color: #1D8ECE
menu.items.active.bg.border.color: #1D8ECE
menu.items.active.text.color: #FFFFFF

!! General window settings
window.label.text.justify: left

!! focused window settings
window.active.client.color: #ffffff

window.active.title.bg: focus: flat
window.active.title.bg.color: #1D8ECE
window.active.title.bg.border.color: #1D8ECE

window.active.handle.bg: flat
window.active.handle.bg.color: #ffffff

window.active.grip.bg: flat
window.active.grip.bg.color: #ffffff

window.active.label.bg: parentrelative
window.active.label.text.color:  #ffffff

window.active.button.unpressed.bg: flat
window.active.button.unpressed.bg.color: #1D8ECE
window.active.button.unpressed.image.color: #FFFFFF

window.active.button.pressed.bg: parentrelative
window.active.button.pressed.image.color: #FFFFFF

!! unfocused window settings
window.inactive.border.color: #ffffff
window.inactive.client.color: #ffffff

window.inactive.title.bg: flat
window.inactive.title.bg.color: #ffffff

window.inactive.handle.bg: flat
window.inactive.handle.bg.color: #ffffff

window.inactive.grip.bg: flat
window.inactive.grip.bg.color: #ffffff

window.inactive.label.bg: parentrelative
window.inactive.label.text.color: #8c8c8c

window.inactive.button.unpressed.bg: flat
window.inactive.button.unpressed.bg.color: #ffffff
window.inactive.button.unpressed.image.color: #8c8c8c

window.inactive.button.pressed.bg: flat 
window.inactive.button.pressed.bg.color: parentrelative

!#buttons new
window.active.button.disabled.bg: flat
window.active.button.disabled.bg.color: #1D8ECE
window.active.button.disabled.image.color: #ffffff

window.inactive.button.disabled.bg: flat
window.inactive.button.disabled.bg.color: #ffffff
window.inactive.button.disabled.image.color: #8c8c8c

window.active.button.toggled.bg: flat
window.active.button.toggled.bg.color: #1D8ECE
window.active.button.toggled.image.color: #ffffff

window.inactive.button.toggled.bg: flat
window.inactive.button.toggled.bg.color: #ffffff
window.inactive.button.toggled.image.color: #8c8c8c

!! Global width settings
border.width: 1
padding.width: 6
padding.height: 5
window.handle.width: 0
window.client.padding.width: 0

!! Miscellaneous settings
window.active.border.color: #1D8ECE
window.inactive.border.color: #f1f1f1
window.active.title.separator.color: #1D8ECE
window.inactive.title.separator.color: #f1f1f1

!! fonts
window.active.label.text.font: Sans:bold:size=10
window.inactive.label.text.font: Sans:bold:size=10
menu.items.font:  Sans:size=10
menu.title.text.font: Sans:bold:size=10

!!OSD
osd.hilight.bg: flat border
osd.hilight.bg.color: #1D8ECE
osd.hilight.bg.border.color: #1D8ECE
osd.inactive.label.text.color: #8c8c8c
